Release 2.0.0-beta5 (#1970)
timescale/timescaledb: CHANGELOG.md

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.0.0-beta5 (2020-06-08)

> This release adds support for basic LIMIT pushdown, compression on
> distributed hypertables, table access methods on distributed hypertables,
> storage options on distributed hypertables, allow SERIAL columns in
> distributed hypertables and adds support for altering replication factor.
> This release only supports PG11 and PG12.

Reviewer: A bit repetitive w.r.t. "distribute hypertables". I propose streamlining with some other tweaks.

```suggestion
This release adds new functionality on distributed hypertables, including (but not limited to) basic LIMIT pushdown, manual chunk compression, table access methods
storage options,  SERIAL columns, and altering of the replication factor.
This release only supports PG11 and PG12. Thus, PG9.6 and PG10 are no longer supported.
```

Reviewer: Should we add something about API-breaking changes? E.g.,:

`
Note that the 2.0 major release will introduce breaking changes to user functions and APIs. In particular, this beta removes the `cascade` parameter from `drop_chunks` and changes the names of certain GUC parameters. Expect additional breaking changes to be introduced up until the 2.0 release. `

## Unreleased

## 2.0.0-beta5 (2020-06-08)

**For beta releases**, upgrading from an earlier version of the
extension (including previous beta releases) is not supported.

This release adds support for basic LIMIT pushdown, compression on
distributed hypertables, table access methods on distributed hypertables,
storage options on distributed hypertables, allow SERIAL columns in
distributed hypertables and adds support for altering replication factor.
This release only supports PG11 and PG12.

**Features**

* #1877 Add support for fast pruning of inlined functions
* #1955 Remove support for PG9.6 and PG10
* #1952 Remove cascade option from drop_chunks

> * #1932 Change compression locking order

Reviewer 2: also in bugfix. Should remove 1.
